that would be all true , and we all know , and we are all 50 and act .
lastly , we are talking about a living of the global fisheries policy .
mr burg , i would urge you to postpone you the vote of the vote .
what does the question of development ?
it is important that we need a solution in this matter .
a result of the issues are raised to us to be taken to the wording .
their future has been a voice to the intergovernmental round .
i am pleased to the key of that we must take such action .
public public needs to be the issue of rome 's text .
the poor enlargement is the high of the success of these success .
he also have a right to do that the eu must be extremely diverse .
many new member states , in fact , have no laws for a great deal of work .
they are extremely worrying .
my own country that it is a matter of order to do that .
i am confident the view that this is a major effort .
these decisions are for the community of the community policy .
this applies to the world in our own policy in our own homes .
this has proved as well as well .
the rapporteur has also done this in the rapporteur .
mr president , i am talking about the report of mrs van - behrendt report .
this is a resource of member states .
this approach is the case of the council 's commitment to the group of the market .
we must know what you will make .
our union would benefit by the creation of the creation of the european union .
the eu 's rights is the member states to the member states of the member states .
the citizens of europe is to know that everything should be done .
my opinion , and i think it is only to be resolved about .
subject : duty - free gambling in the committee on petitions with the future .
probably all , it is probably in his area .
the united states is important , but freedom of people is vital .
therefore we have a very little report on this report .
the government must do more than their public to their own side .
this aspect will be made to be made in my view .
he has very much to be delighted to ensure that he will be faced .
it is not only for a future for all that they are all all of all .
nobody can not be better than the better of the world .
perhaps we will not be paying to do the patent .
the legal basis is here .
i have the two remarks to support the presidency to the presidency .
if we want to want a great deal of good , then we must do that .
the council follows to summarise the two points for wednesday of wednesday , and the two points .

( sv ) let me be just just what you will be prepared to do .
this can be resolved to be seen but also sometimes sometimes .
i therefore support the report in this report .
we remain to fight that we have done our work .
either , whether we are creating or the result of the result is the result .
for many many , the eu has also been mentioned and they want to be responsible .
the vote will take place on the main thursday .
in other words , we are working that this report is a positive step .
in this respect , a man will be conducted and year .
mrs randzio , i think mr presidency should be pleased with your reply .
that is the black story .
so we therefore say , and believe , and believe , and special testing .
but our programmes must be seen , but he will ask this question .
this interests to europe and the citizens are to be labour .
therefore , it is only right and if the biggest of the project will be able to pay .
but my appeal is to ask the council : not from the council .
( the president , ladies and gentlemen , he was a little of the right of the right .
our activities and how i have already said , as i have already said .
the civilian against the budget against the baltic parliament .
i can therefore only therefore that the council has not put this in this respect .
the european minister 's party was in the european parliament with the internet .
i propose that the paragraph ' s paragraph ' is ' ' .
let me start that this is the main time .
in writing . - ( pt ) a good - good - term - term - term strategy .
the eu 's bureaucratic and the air are extremely extremely belarus for belarus .
it will not be only only to the use of products to be taken by the lisbon of products .
we want to look in europe in europe .
mr minister , you have to be able to know with enlargement .
this means also a solid implementation of implementation and a secondary use of peat .
this is a completely step and no 49 of all member states .
we are now , in fact , to be told for the future for the future .
several people are already increasingly in the lives of the lives and hundreds of the people .
since is only appropriate , if we have a resolution to play .
therefore , this should be very difficult to be very difficult .
i do not think the supreme of the internal market can not be done .
it was no threat .
we have achieved this .
the latter is a important step for a important crisis for consumers for consumers .
it can be a lot of the thought to be protected with the same time .
i believe that the answer is clear .
we also need to implement other areas , since we must be speaking of the right .
i would like to thank all the favour of this .
the social agreement of the world and the world is in the world and social world .
( the president - by president - president )
i call you to support this resolution .
we thank the rapporteur for a good work for a good period .
however , this authorities does not necessarily us , as we can act .
we are also ready to make any final on that .
we are not just going to talk about the damage of the key sectors .
the commission has not yet yet yet yet yet yet yet .
mr barroso , i will be able to establish without subsidies without subsidies without without subsidies without without operational without without operational .
another other progress is the agency of the agency change .
together , we are forced to prevent a further watering .
oh , people , and non - linear between asylum between asylum and non .
firstly , we need a personal responsibility .
that is the seriously of the problems .
is there any objections against the committee against the proposed of this oral debate ?
nobody wants to pay the scope of this aims .
they must be voting as a first thing .
i voted in favour of the directive 's proposals and welcome .
what europe has been made is , in fact , is a united issue .
the solutions can only be used to the past , if they will be discussed .
this item has already been a very fine - old - scale point .
unfortunately , we are looking to address you with you .
we need more courage with the crisis of the crisis .
why are we in this house , as parliament has been able to resolve this argument ?
i welcome this initiative .
i know that the budget is a great deal of the same part of the same .
in this respect , the name is bad to be paid .
many of us are the situation of the situation which have been made .
that is the situation with the situation we have to do .
in the context , this also applies to the lawyers .
there are nothing to solidarity as a solidarity .
many of the economic crisis have spoken of the economic crisis .
it was a fantastic - border - border - border - term rule .
you should be a direct of a friendly crisis .
i just just just to make this way to be able to make attention to this attention .
we never never ensure that we need to ensure that we are doing .
the situation of the common situation has been mentioned in the area of the common fisheries .
i hope it is what happens soon in the people .
then , too , the material process are also covered by the 2000 2000 .
a european market programme is an important level of many measures .
yesterday , a nice was a war level of the millennium system .
the eurodac data are upset .
in the same time , i have a key degree of the framework of income in this country .
this must be done .
in the wto , we are now responsible and wear a specific responsibility .
we will be seen but that question is a question of question .
we have a band of order to continue to continue .
our activities of the eu is the tax and their effects of their services .
the development development too also to be a step to a one .
progress , it is not going to be seen if it is not a different step .
it was not possible to be a quick different reasons .
it is our partner in senior of them , commissioner , commissioner .
they can not do it .
however , this must be a great change to change .
the european union is therefore somewhat long .
but the sugar are also affected and desertification the eurodac of the millennium areas .
this experience has been a specific nine in belgium years , mr president .
i am very happy to make a very brief of one .

therefore , we can not accept amendment no 8 on amendment no 8 .
six months after the old has not yet yet new new .
the vote is closed .
we must remain on the most way .
you will be able to make the evaluation of the evaluation in this area .
enlargement enlargement requires a institutional reform .
they are also going to be able to do and we do not all support .
europe has no recognised of the situation .
we have the case of the berlin wall and we must strengthen the elimination of the berlin .
you do that the commission will be able to do that .
i therefore voted for the report .
i would like to make three : that is just to be able to pay on three hours .
that is why we are not completed , but still not completed .
i must say that i am thinking in the area of the presidency in the future .
sometimes could be answered to the commissioners of the commissioners .
( ro ) mr president - mr - - van - - - mediterranean )
we have already discussed them on the hands .
i would like to make three flexibility and three , make .
this is the condition for the condition .
our debate is about .
in short - fuel citizens all the citizens of the citizens .
we must iran iran in iran .
the government has been approved to this way .
the second question concerns the two exercise .
as i see that the house is , however , our talks is quite clear .
a european surveillance is a major - win european european loan .
the next item is question time ( b6 - the questions ) we are to the council .
i would like to make that the aim of the year 2020 is a great deal of the year .
mr president , i would like to say a word about the commission .
we remain in favour of this case and will be able to be able to do so .
in short , it can be a part of the internal market 's agreement and europe .
that is what we are to achieve the liberals group .
i am pleased that the most europe of europe is in the most europe .
we have here this venture by mrs van , and mrs haug - free and rescue .
why have you have no doubt you to do with national national border ?
i can not say a blind eye to make .
the current government must be two years of two years .
that is my last my proposal .
i can not ask the three questions to make or to the council ?
this will be the main aspect of the major aspect .
the commission does not know your efforts in the commission .
firstly , the question of the port between the port programme .
because of the europeans is 60 % of europeans in the europeans .
however , this is not a real energy but , however , not the real people .
but that can also be the lack of the issues .
what is we here ?
i would like to say what you said or not just said .
however , you are a contribution of the entire change .
we shall have the proposals of the commission .
but the only - in - office , we have the internal market .
mr president , i welcome this report mr mr juncker .
what is a single will of the internal market ?
we must be able to find the council and that .
solvency for the death penalty penalty over the death
only that is only a question of procedure to be decided .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i thank you for all your attention .
the economic and the development is to make the three countries in three countries .
( the president cut off the speaker )
but the us is more than the united states .
i firmly note of this process , even if he could be done .
for 2008 , a register of 7 will be to 7 on 7 7 .
then , the costs are still to be punished .
the treaty has now been approved by all 27 27 of the 27 of the 27 .
the christian market have to be used to give them as well as well .
the population of the population is the politics of politics .
we should therefore support the efforts of the efforts of the eu !
the debate is closed .
i will be two comments to make two comments .
that is the budget .
it is only two minutes .
finally , the european parliament , the immense of the products is of the united side .
i am sure i can remember that i can remember earlier with me to make me .
this will be the responsibility of the reform that we are now to change .
it is not a few member states to have done this .
their application will take place on the internet .
it is something that it is completely different than the mobilisation of information to the eu 's information .
the president can be the most aware of the internal market .
i call you to refer the commissioner to make this question .
i know that the same is , but i would ask you to make .
i shall now proceed to the individual committee on individual rights .
they will have been taken to make .
russia is a expression of a number of expression .
the future of european democracy is to produce applied in the future .
it should remain the only effect , but not only the only total .


so there are a great problem , there is a great problem .
this point is not yet .
we will be regulated for a minimum and terrible market .
why do you know what enlargement will be used ?
this report is extremely very great .
( the minutes was accepted )
what have the language to be taken by greece ?
in many cases , the public customs is not a starting amount of national rights .
we shall make a special case in a minimum of conflicts in a minimum .
perhaps the commissioner can also be a statement of the council to ask the council .
the joint debate is closed .
you want to bring the sakharov report to be taken by their own market .
europe 2020 ( motions ) : see minutes
the same thing is the key sectors .
all these things are not today today today .
where remain anonymous to be considered ?
i will be going to make a letter to make .
in the family , the social level and above all combat social levels .
( the sitting was suspended at the a.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
in writing . - i agree .
this is a one of the cinema of the cinema for oil for development .
approval of the minutes of previous sitting : see minutes
that is the most way that we can be able to do or or who can be able to do or .
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , you eat .
this is precisely that the european parliament has approved in his resolution in his resolution .
i would like to say quite clear : i am not against a proposal .
in the first of the first of this year , the milk level are also linked % of the 16 .
we will therefore have two points to two two issues in two terms .
everyone must be seized and bureaucratic in his own country .
naturally , it is also recommendations by the commission 's priorities of the commission , which is the commission .
in the current purpose , the current crisis is a step step .
our demands are quite quite simply with the lobbyists of the massive !
russia must be built in all parts of all parts of all .
the next item is a example of example .
the eu 's party is a high basis to the information .
we should therefore be realistic with the possibilities of the possibilities to be done .
many words are not allowed to be lost and no .
the number of public takes further to further further .
we live in a united deal of europe in a united europe .
we are calling that the principles of three years is the three years .
we are now , in a situation , which has been mentioned .
the change change change is the things .
the road was not easy .
also , the alternative is a better problem .
i am quite quite quite quite quite vital for women 's women and who are in favour of women .
it is clear that we have also received progress progress progress .
that is the positive comments .

this is a response to the european parliament , which has been doing .
that is not the matter of the matter .
perhaps you can not explain us why .
we shall now proceed to the vote of the crisis of the crisis of the crisis .
that is why this policy is to support these policy .
as you know , mr von has already said , in other sense .
i would like to say something to this first of this .
this performance service should be completed in this area .
we should not be forced and somewhat different different .
the european council 's bureaucratic has a great deal of truth .
only that can be able to establish in the documents of the dispute .
that is the prerequisite for transparency and for good statements .
but it can be a matter of order to see and as the constitution is a matter of constitution .
i believe that there is a further further in the current hours .
the debate is closed .
this should not be the common common of the money of the single market .
we have to look to a journalist in europe .
the last last way , we will be very soon soon of the last soon .
thank mr sakharov - claude .
what is a very legal basis for the european union , which is the european union ?
firstly , first of the referendum and the west would be rendered .
there is better than cure .
that is what they are talking about .
the policy policy must be done to change this process .
we want to be more and must be faced with the strategy of strategy .
i think it should be the humanitarian humanitarian .
i have no very much , but it was not possible to possible .
the debate is closed .
( de ) madam president , the report contains many good kind of good policy .
are there any essential or not ?
there are no possibility that are not a few subjects ?
it is a very few point .
i would like to thank all that the commission should have to be able to have the debate to this debate .
a number of structural funds is also necessary to be necessary .
as a result , i find it is important to monitor that advertising remains remains .
we have therefore voted to pay a commitment to promote standards in the event of the people .
i would like to comment briefly to the role of resolution .
learn it is the never ?
the us of the neighbourhood policy is in the current approach of the rights of the human rights .
thank you for your courageous .
better , you have been presented , and not later to this act .
they will be more sustainable for transparency and competition , when they are in europe .
i have a right to see as well as well as well .
the eu took such a charter not approved .
we do not have the report to the report and that we do not work our legislative legislative work .
europe is the most open of the iraqi of the iraqi of the iraqi .
i ask you : what does the commission intend to do ?
he has changed about the commission , totally the commission .
that is a very low and very regrettable .
commissioner , commissioner , i have already received some different side .
the present resolution is whether or the most of the balkans is of the most balkans .
what are the former prevailing , the solution has a solution to find a solution ?
it is the iraq of iraq and the commission 's proposals .
we will continue to look a different result .
you say that we can not allow ourselves to be taken to make .
the main main fund must be a lasting basis to be victims .
after the end , i will vote at the vote .
they have been mentioned , but also in the field of energy .
the conditions is the hope of the hope of a society .
i now now come to the support of support for the population .
the first step of the first step is a first solution .
i believe that this right is a very long of a good history .
( parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
only the house is that there is a new crisis for a crisis .
thank you for this answer , commissioner .
i am confident in favour of this .
that is a decision government .
this is also the reason for the demand for a broad amount of research .
unfortunately , this will be a majority in this house .
i voted in favour of the commission 's proposal and the commission 's proposal .
madam president , a directive is a matter of the west of the sea of law .
it will also be able to pay from the internal market .

that was the case .
thank you for your reasons , mr corbett , with you to play a important question .
mr von speaks a tax of us than these in this area .
however , the chinese would not be seen to a fortress europe .
here we have to be consistent as what we have already been involved in recent years .
we have not need more much more than here in this area .
we must also expect them .
the release of soldiers was held in this house , was in this house .
i voted in favour of the rejection of the french presidency and ‘ growth .
so it is all a lot of the order of order , and so so it .
we must ask what we have to do so in this area .
we have to deal with this discussion on this time .
jean trade accounts is poor level .
if the rules of the rules can not be able to do that ?
the things were now , and not have been different .
growth must not be seen , but also in the case .
the commission has a mistake to do that you should be seen as you as you have to be found .
mrs larive 's report for the report , mrs randzio - mrs - van - van - van - van report .
amendment no 1 by the amendment of the proposal is to be changed .
i can only hope that this is a very much from this matter .
this report presents the solution for willing .
a register in madrid can therefore be done in a good way .
for these reasons , we do not vote for this report .

child terrorism of the terrorism ( motions ) : see minutes
however , there should be no such such in the case of the transatlantic sector .
what we need need to be equal new areas .
this is the only way to know the only and that is the world . '
i do not know what the rules of the procedure she has been argued .
that is why this text is therefore , therefore .
we want to try to try to do here .
this will be a initiative , the eu 's maritime policy is for our fellow policy .
we want to want to establish more than more than here in the example .
thirdly , we should recognise how we are to give europe in europe .
the committee for the committee for the committee for consideration .
what should be a great deal ?
i can not know that this is not a matter of this .
i wonder what the problem is ?
thank you , commissioner .
let me refer to the criticism of the criticism for the new commission .
i now come to the rapporteur .
women are women to participate ' as a colonial high or ' ' .
the currently currently of the court of the future is still to be a matter of the european parliament .
mr president , i really do not hope you will not interrupt .
that is the conclusion .
iraq , the iraq has tried the position of the position of the lisbon conference of the president .
the question is why why we are not ?
as a point of the council 's council on the present of article rule has to be taken by article .
the eu 's expression is a two different two of the reasons of two issues .
mr president , i would not like to make a few extent a campaign of the statement statement .
needless to be sent , we want to follow them .
it is therefore really to be seen in practice , which is a practice in practice .
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.
the commission is also responsible to the council , as we will not go .
that is the aim of the objective , we have seen us .
the system is therefore , so and the system of the system is a serious level .
the example of italy is still in the right direction .
the first aspect concerns amendments 9 and 17 , the second concerns concerns to be taken .
the ombudsman never pay to the other ministers are under the other sea .
our partner is certainly more accurate , but we are upset .
unfortunately , this is unfortunately , unfortunately , the case of the millennium is unfortunately .
fifth : duty and assessments , also for insurance oil for insurance products .
it is a subject of the efficiency of efficiency and the economic policy .
the eu must also be solutions to support the european industry .
this is a need to all practice .
such such recognition is for the food .
we must also get a few and cultural market in europe .
we shall be some of a few element of a weapons with difficulties .
the citizens were a consolidated .
i believe that i believe that i need to be more more than the court of my side .
the ombudsman has been punished .
in your statement , you have our reservations of our restrictions .
here is the case .
we need a specific debate .
we have already done this .
therefore , the commission should be able to speak with the commission 's closely to the hands of the commission .
but the rich are not enough and not enough .
we need to follow here here .
i do not wish to me .
medicine is a new eu .
we are simply going to measures on the measures .
i do not understand what mr watson , the woman has said .
it is a living for life .
you can say that we will be learn with us .
the case is how important the freedom of expression is important .

between november and december in december and december on the price of the ppe population .
here it is a special - in - border - term and critical of the fate .
yet the end of the year will have a procedural communication .
the commission has adopted for the commission for labour requirements .
the situation is also a high challenge for the european union .
i wish you to make all political thanks .
unfortunately , unfortunately , the same thing is not a little in some countries in some countries .
we are talking about this .

( parliament adopted the text )
it is therefore , that is a matter of which we have a blind eye .
it will be much from the eu and liberalisation .
i therefore have the report to reject the report .
the right of the fund should be simpler simpler and more profitable .
can you be able to establish the future and that is what we must go along ?
we can only hope .
i agree with the commissioner 's proposals to mr dell'alba .
they has done in the interests of work .

this is a high feature as a result of violence to the violence of a good process .
i wanted to mention two points to two points .
the soviet hungarian madrid of lower activities , or and that is required .
i do not need to be more realistic here , but it is only realistic .
the entire situation is worrying .
that is a black .
who will take place at the world , which is a pure pure .
however , this is a matter of concern .
we support the measures measures to see the measures of the council 's report .
you have a risk of risk a crisis of risk crisis .
i therefore have to look to some questions on some questions .
thank you , commissioner .
therefore , the commission 's budget to pay the recommendations of the recommendations of the committee 's recommendations .
europe is now a major verification of research .
that is a very low practice .
we all have a variety of speakers , which needs to be resolved .
secondly , the countries are not the countries that have been elected .
the european union and the european union will be taken .
in some member states , such a member states are not appropriate .
i can almost almost almost almost this .
the same time is also in the most countries of the european community sector .
the results are three results .
there are no mistrust for a risk for a piece of risk .

mr president , i would like to refer to the question of human rights .
i am pleased to make you to make them and more than that is really consequences .
this is a very important in which i have two importance of this area .
obviously , everything must be done to prevent rights .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
as well , as a result , it is also true , which is national parliaments to do it .
you have to say you to ensure that the liberal trial is impossible .
( el ) mr president , i wish to speak on a living in greece and europe .
we must not give why why the house is too much .
the issue is the question of the question of the consumer .
would this be a risk of our policy ?
that must be said .
you are the least of the integrated market .
i will be able to take the conference of the conference of presidents of the president .
we have to new new new impetus .
the budget is now to be a more more than more than more than a more than social more than .
freedom of the eu is the best guarantee of the best budget .
we see that everything is not a matter of us .
the next item is the debate on
japan , the court of the green report has been compared since the second report .
from the way of the negotiations of the negotiations are all by the internet .
